Hello, and welcome back to the course on Deep Learning.
Today we're talking about stacked autoencoders.
All right. So here is a normal autoencoder.
So what is a stacked autoencoder?
Well, a stacked autoencoder is
if we add another hidden layer into our autoencoder,
and there we go.
So we have two stages of encoding
and one stage of decoding here.
And what we get is a very, very powerful algorithm.
In fact it's been shown that sometimes
this model can supersede
the results that are achieved
by deep belief networks.
So DBNs which we talked about previously,
and that's a very important breakthrough
because DBNs are a whole different type of model.
They're based on stacked restricted boltzmann machines,
and restricted boltzmann machines
are undirected neural networks
whereas stacked autoencoders are directed neural networks.
So it's very big breakthrough that stacked autoencoders
can sometime supersede the results of deep believe networks,
and a great paper to look into on this topic is
by Pascal Vincent and others is called
Stacked Denoising Autoencoders:
Learning Useful Representations in a Deep Network
with a Local Denoising Criterion.
It's quite a large paper.
Also has Bengio in it.
So Yoshua Bengio was one of the co-authors
on this paper as well,
and it builds upon their 2008 paper
which we have already referenced before.
So there you go. I hope you enjoyed today's tutorial,
and if you would like
to learn more about stacked autoencoders
then definitely this paper is a great place to start.
And I will look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then, enjoy deep learning.